[FM v0.2.0]Add docs about the stateful functions (#138)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/functions/run-function/run-stateful-function.md

## Submit Stateful Functions

After packaging a stateful function, you can submit it to a Pulsar cluster. This section describes how to submit Java and Python Stateful functions.

### Enable BookKeeper table service

Before submitting a stateful function, you need to enable the Apache BookKeeper table service. This section describes how to enable the  BookKeeper table service.

1. Update the BookKeeper configuration file.

    Currently, the service uses the NAR package, so you need to set the configuration in the `bookkeeper.conf` configuration file.

    ```text
    ##################################################################
    ##################################################################
    # stream/table service settings
    ##################################################################
    ##################################################################

    ### gRPCServer ###

    # The gRPC server port to listen on. The default is 4181.
    storageserver.grpc.port=4181

    ### Dlog settings for table service ###

    #### Replication Settings
    dlog.bkcEnsembleSize=3
    dlog.bkcWriteQuorumSize=2
    dlog.bkcAckQuorumSize=2

    ### Storage ###

>     # The local storage directories for storing table range data (e.g. RocksDB sorted string table (sst)  files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The local storage directories for storing table range data. For example, RocksDB sorted string table (SST) files.
```
